[EDU-3821] [EDU-3809] refactor: adjust links (#659)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/index.mdx

## Configurations

> - [How to configure cache policies for Edge Application](/endocumentation/products/guides/cache-settings/)

Reviewer: /endocumentation/products/guides/cache-settings/
Broken link

> - [How to configure cache policies for Edge Application](/endocumentation/products/guides/cache-settings/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [How to configure cache policies for Edge Application](/en/documentation/products/guides/cache-settings/)
```
